---
title: Coherent units
---

A system of measurement is
[coherent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coherence_(units_of_measurement)) when
it only contains *one* unit of distance, *one* unit of force, *one* unit of
pressure, and so on for each distinct
[dimension](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimensional_analysis).

The SI system is coherent, since it only has one unit of length (the metre),
one unit of time (the second), and so on. In contrast, an "imperial" system
containing more than one unit for the same dimension, say both feet *and* inches
for distance, is *not* coherent.

## Redundant *names* are not redundant *units* ##

The SI unit of pressure is the Pascal. However, we can also measure pressure as
a force divided by an area: the SI unit of force is the Newton, and the unit for
area is the square metre, so "Newtons per square metre" is an SI unit of
pressure as well. It appears like SI is not coherent, but in fact the Pascal is
just a shorter name for the "Newton per square metre"; that's how it's defined.

Likewise, the Newton itself is a shorthand: this time it stands for an SI mass
times an SI acceleration. The SI unit of mass is the kilogram (an unfortunate
name); whilst an acceleration is distance per squared time, which in SI is
metres per square second. Hence the Newton is short for the "kilogram metre per
square second".

It's fine for a coherent system to give more convenient names to combinations of
its existing units; so long those combinations involve no scaling. The metric
system is hence *not* coherent, since it defines scaled units like the litre
(0.001 cubic metres), the hour (3600 seconds) and the tonne (1000 kilograms).

Likewise, in imperial systems the foot is not merely another name for a dozen
inches: but even if it were, that would be a scaled unit. Many imperial units
have been redefined in modern times to be some fixed multiple of the SI
equivalent; again, such scaling makes these systems incoherent.

## Numerical prefixes are not redundant units ##

"10 seconds" is not a unit of time distinct from the second, it's just ten of
them. Likewise, a "dozen Volts" is not a unit of potential-difference distinct
from the Volt, it's just twelve of them. Therefore a "kilometre" is not a unit
of distance distinct from the metre, it's just a thousand of them.

Numerical prefixes do not give rise to distinct units.
