---
title: Digital Economy Bill
---
In case you weren't aware, the Digital Economy Bill is being rushed through parliament right now, despite it granting ambiguous and far-reaching powers which will harm entire organisations in the name of copyright infringement witch-hunts against individuals. I urge you to go to http://www.38degrees.org.uk/page/speakout/extremeinternetl read about the bill and contact your MP via the box on the right. Here's the email I sent (reworded from the default).<br /><br />Dear Mr Caborn, <br /><br />I'm writing to express my concerns over the Digital Economy Bill, which the Government is planning to rush into law without a full Parliamentary debate. <br /><br />The proposed law has caused much controversy, in itself reason for ensuring a thorough public debate, and contains many measures that worry me. I implore you to see that the Bill undergoes proper, rigorous scrutiny, in public view, and is not rushed through without sufficient discourse. Many people have stated that its coarse-grained punishments will damage schools, businesses and innocent citizens who rely on the Internet, in its heavy-handed provisions aimed at disconnecting those individuals suspected of copyright infringement. <br /><br />Industry experts, Internet service providers (for example Talk Talk and BT) and Internet businesses like Google and Yahoo! are all opposing the bill - yet the Government seems intent on forcing it through without taking on board these comments or allowing thorough debate. <br /><br />As a constituent I am writing to you today to ask you to do all you can to ensure the Government doesn't just rush the bill through and deny UK citizens our democratic right to scrutiny and debate.<br /><br />Regards,<br />Christopher Warburton<br /><br />&#091;address withheld from blog]<br />&#091;telephone withheld from blog]