---
title: KISS
---

There's a strange display bug which causes a few programs, including `st` and `conkeror`, to show garbled text after resuming from suspend. This persists until the application is restarted.

Since my shell session is persistent (using `dtach`) this isn't too bad; a simple `killall st; st -e shell` will get me back to where I was.

I can't do this with Conkeror (or, at least, I don't know how), and restarting causes me to lose any open buffers. To work around this, today I thought I'd bite the bullet and write a simple script to save all of the open buffer URLs, restart Conkeror, and re-open the URLs.

This turned out to be a bit more complicated than I thought, so here are some things I've learned:

## Racket Modules ##

The prospect of writing another Bash script made me feel dirty, so instead I thought I'd opt for using [Racket](http://racket-lang.org). I've dabbled with Scheme and Racket before, but hadn't really looked into its module and package system.

Racket (formerly "PLT Scheme") has two packaging systems, the deprecated "PLaneT" system and [its newer replacement](https://pkgs.racket-lang.org). PLaneT looks pretty nice: you use `(require (planet foo))` and the `foo` module will be fetched and made available. Unfortunately, since it's deprecated, new packages aren't available via PLaneT, requiring use of the new replacement via the `raco` command. This is pretty annoying, since `raco` seems to be much like a Racket equivalent of Cabal: external to the language, requiring [some kind of elaborate workaround](/projects/repos/nix-eval.html) to use in a similar way to PLaneT; it also doesn't seem to have a sandbox equivalent, relying either on the home directory (a bad idea), or the Racket installation directory which requires Nix infrastructure similar to `haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages`, which doesn't exist yet.

## `xdotool` ##

Unfortunately, doesn't actually work for some applications. http://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/214909/xdotool-does-not-send-keys

## XMonad ##

https://github.com/JamshedVesuna/vim-markdown-preview/issues/37

http://xmonad.org/xmonad-docs/xmonad-contrib/XMonad-Hooks-EwmhDesktops.html
