---
title: Spigot, and rational approximations
---

I recently came across
[spigot](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/spigot/spigot.html) (via
[lobste.rs](https://lobste.rs/s/crimha/spigot_command_line_exact_real)). It's
available in Nixpkgs via the `spigot` attribute.

## Computable numbers ##

Spigot is a calculator, which claims to work with "exact real numbers"; but I
find that terminology rather confusing, since almost-all "real numbers" cannot
be described or represented (not just by spigot, but even in principle). Instead
I would say spigot works with the computable numbers: those which can be
approximated to arbitrarily-small error.

## On-going and never-ending representations ##

Consider the number ⅓: this has a simple representation as a
[rational number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_number) (i.e. as one
whole number divided by another), but attempting to write it as a decimal
requires approximation with some amount of error: e.g. 0.3, or 0.33, or
0.333333333, etc. If we allow the decimal places to go on arbitrarily far, our
approximation will get an arbitrarily-small error. To represent ⅓ as a decimal
"exactly" would require a *never-ending* sequence of threes. We can't write down
such a sequence directly, so we need to use a more expressive language that can
describe the *pattern* followed by those digits. I'll use the Bash language,
which can represent ⅓ "exactly" like this:

```bash
printf '0.'; while true; do printf '3'; done
```

This is a generalisation of finite decimals, since we can always append a
never-ending suffix of zeros to the latter. Spigot can consume and produce such
on-going decimals, but it can't see or understand their "source"; so it doesn't
actually *know* it's dealing with ⅓. For all spigot knows, some other digit
could appear at some point.

Despite characterising these numbers as "decimal", Spigot also works with other
natural-number bases: for example, we can write ⅓ in dozenal as 0.4. However, no
matter which base we choose, there will always be rational numbers that can't be
represented with finitely-many places (e.g. dozenal can't represent ⅕ exactly).

### Rational approximants ###

Rational numbers are independent of any particular base, and hence a more
"fundamental" way to represent non-whole numbers. One downside is that it's not
obvious how to extend them to the sort of on-going approximation we can get with
decimals; since the value of the numerator and denominator are coupled.

One rather brute-force approach is to generate an on-going sequence of separate
rational numbers. Spigot can *output* such sequences, but doesn't support
reading them; presumably because there's no way to ensure such sequences will
actually converge to something.

### Continued fractions ###

Continued fractions are a generalisation of rational numbers, which allow
on-going, never-ending generation *and* ensure convergence. Spigot supports
reading and writing continued fractions.

## The downside ##

Tools like Spigot allow correct, "exact" arithmetic on a huge space of useful
numbers. Yet they come with a major downside: equality becomes undecidable! It's
interesting that we can perform arithmetic with numbers yet not compare them,
but the reason is simple: it can require information from arbitrarily-far along
the sequence. For example, consider an on-going decimal which begins like
0.3333…; is this equal to ⅓? If it's *not* equal to ⅓, then one of its decimal
places must have a digit other than 3, and Spigot will eventually find that
discrepancy and tell us that they're not equal. Yet comparing numbers which
*are* equal will never finish (making equality "semi-decidable")!

## Bounds and boundaries ##

Internally, Spigot represents each number with an upper- and lower-bound, both
rational. It outputs the next digit, continued-fraction, etc. once these bounds
agree on that prefix. For example, if our result is known to sit in the interval
between 123/1000 and 124/1000, we can output 0.12 with confidence; then wait for
the bounds to get closer before committing to any more digits.

There is a famous problem with this approach, caused by boundaries in the
representation. For example, we cannot output any digits of 0.0000… - 0.0000…,
since we don't know if it's positive, negative or neither; e.g. the following
outputs nothing, even with the `-c` option for continued fractions:

```bash
spigot 'base10fd:3 - base10fd:3' \
  3< <(printf '0.'; while true; do printf '0'; done)
```

Unfortunately the sequence of rational convergents (option `-C`) *also* doesn't
output anything, since it's based on the continued fraction. This is a shame,
since Spigot does have rational bounds, which could be used to generate
approximants directly (rather than going through the continued fraction). For
example, it could output a rational `x/y` for the largest `y` such that the
upper bound is below `(2x+1)/2y` and the lower bound is above `(2x-1)/2y`; i.e.
when we can confidently round to the nearest `1/y`. Here's how we can
approximate the above example, as more and more digits are read in:

 - 0.… - 0.… is between `0 - 1 = -1/1` and `1 - 0 = 1/1` *inclusive* (since
   0.999… could be equivalent to 1, e.g. if it were 3×⅓). The least-precise
   rational we could form is `0/1`, but that's only valid for the interval
   strictly between `(2×0+1)/2 = 1/2` and `(2×0-1)/2 = -1/2`, which is tighter
   than our bounds so far. Hence we can't output any rational approximation yet.
 - 0.0… - 0.0… is between `0 - 0.1 = -1/10` and `0.1 - 0 = 1/10`, which *is*
   between `1/2` and `-1/2`, so `0/1` would be a valid approximation. However,
   we can be even more precise, since those bounds are also in `(-1/4,1/4)`,
   `(-1/6,1/6)` and `(-1/8,1/8)`, so `0/2`, `0/3` and `0/4` are also valid
   approximations. `0/5` is not, since its interval is `(-1/10,1/10)`; since
   we're not including the end-points, that's strictly tighter than our bounds.
   The largest denominator gives the most precise approximation, so we should
   output `0/4`.
 - 0.00… - 0.00… is between `-1/100` and `1/100`, so it can be approximated by
   `0/49`, to the nearest `1/49`.
 - 0.000… - 0.000… can be approximated by `0/499`, to the nearest `1/499`
 - and so on, with the denominator of the most precise approximation being one
   less than half the next power of 10.
